# HALIFAX FOODIE

**Halifax Foodie** is a online **Food Delivery SYstem** built using **Multi-Cloud Deployment Model** and **Backend-as-a-Service**. This application provides customization feature, and additional sevices for restaurant owners, and limited services to customers. The application also provides an online virtual assistance, which can quickly answer the queries of the registered restaurant owners, and customers or guests.

The virtual assistant functionality can be extended to support customer escalation. The application will initiate a chat functionality between a registered customer, and customer service representative if there are any delivery or service quality issues.

This application is built using **React** as our front end framework and for the backend **AWS** and **GCP** servcies are used in order to make the application serverless.

## Features
* **User Authentication** - Three Factor Authentication is used for authenticating the user. First level of authentication is done using Email and Password. Second level of authentication is done using Security Questions, Third level of authentication is done using a Cipher Text that is generated by Ciphering a text using Columnar Cipher and the text is collected from the user at the time of registration.
  
* **Online Support Module** - A virtual assistance is provided to the registered restaurant owner to add recipe, registered users for order tracking purpose and rate an order.

* **Chat Module** - Customer can have a live chat with the restaurant representative in order to resolve their complaint regarding any order.

* **Similarity Score** - A feature for identifying the similarity of the recipes uploaded by the restaurant. This will be seen by the restaurant owner in their profile.
  
* **Polarity of feedback** - Provides the polarity of the feedback provided by the user to recipe of the restaurant. The restuarant owner will be able to see the polarity of every recipe in their profile.